hello YouTube mafia William sure
bringing you a quick video to tell you
how to fuck off YouTube adverts how to
make them fuck off right YouTube have
been bastards as we know the adverts are
so fucking annoying they're like every
fucking flick an advert and it's the
same fucking advert per click it's not
like you're getting you know some
variation of the fucking adverts it's
the same fucking adverts just like I'll
click that two second video and you get
the 30 second fucking clip you know and
they say oh well I'll have this little
laughing cat you know just like seven
seconds and it's the same 30 second clip
and it's like oh well maybe I'll just
have this thing over here and it's the
same 30 second clip so basically YouTube
can go set up fuck because there's a
there's two ways you can get rid of them
everyone will say to me adblock add blog
adblock yeah only works if you use
Firefox or Chrome by the way and block
but it wasn't working I mean people were
saying to me use adblock I'm like I am
fucking using adblock and I have added
in the extra filters into adblock so
that the you know it's got the latest
updates and hmm
it just wasn't blocking it adverts
obviously YouTube and Google sort of
like cranked it so that these fucking
adverts are gonna get through whether
you like it or not so guess what
somebody has designed a double fuck you
wee ee ee you ain't having your fucking
adverts fuck do you Google fuck you fuck
you Google yeah and it's called screw
and screw ads sorry
beaching out the Sun is coming out
outside so my camera is not able to cope
oh you've got an auto maybe a little
float up and down now with it outside
light and probably fuck up even more oh
yeah anyway so screw ads works in Chrome
and it works in Firefox so what you do
is you go to add-ons section so you have
to look how to do they see in chrome
because I don't know cuz I don't use
chrome but in Firefox it's ER tools at
the top or if you have if you don't have
the menu bar activated if you have the
weird new version of Firefox you press
the little orange button and you go down
to options
add-ons
and then it says search for add-ons look
at its fucking thing going look see this
is why I don't like Auto cuz it's like
it yeah look at it anyway so you type
that in screw ads and you press search
and then screw ads will come up within
the list of options for add-ons you can
add in and you press install then you
press restart now to restart the browser
there'll be an option there so look for
that your browser will restart click on
the same advert that just gave you a
same advocacy I'm not even calling I'm
fucking YouTube videos anymore but just
call them fucking adverts now click on
the YouTube video that was giving you
the shitty advert you didn't want and
hey presto they ain't there anymore
fuck you Google bye